Invite white-headed reinforcements to the Dragon Ball.
Wait a minute.
This man killed Zhong Liang.
Not worthy of the Lord of Summer.
Who are you?
Dare to defame the dragon pole
I'm Li Bayan's cousin.
In my hand is the video of this person forcibly confessing to the King of Quang Lang in Thien Lao.
This was enough to prove that the King of Guang Lang was defeated by him.
He killed King Quang Lang with poisoned wine.
What?
Mr. Li, do you have the courage?
Ma took your position as Dragon Master.
The first is to kill King Quang Nguyen.
Now only the Long Master abdicates.
It's a crime.
Good night.
You are such an evil heart.
The first is to use me to deal with Inferno.
Now so fast can't wait to kill them all?
So what?
You are stupid yourself.
Don't blame me.
What about Song Long?
It's not like I was playing around in applause.
Li Buon Ruo, you and Trac Buon Fan are the Great Ha Song Long.
So I Chi Fei Uyen is Tri Quoc Chi Lake
Li Bu Yeon that day you forced me to kneel in front of everyone.
Pulling people's heads to the ground
There's this road waiting
We killed you for harm.
Mr. Li, can you die with peace of mind?